File 0 : Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line

File 1 : Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line

File 2 : Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

File 3: Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

File 4 : Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

File 5 : Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

File 6 : Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

File 7 : Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

File 8 : Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

File 9 : Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

File 10 : Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

File 11 : Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

File 12(100) : Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

File 13(101) : If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
You are allowed to use the standard library

File 14(102) : Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

File 15(103) : Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
You are allowed to use the standard library

File 16(104) : Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
File 10 : Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
